Kostadis Roussos: things are not going well.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: Great. Bring everybody into Roll20?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie-dokey.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, do you guys see where you are?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, or would you like to go next?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, just to recall for you to recall…
Kostadis Roussos: The greater temple entrance is over here.
Kostadis Roussos: And the way up is over here.
Kostadis Roussos: You have to, once again, go through the wraith, and pass Kelno
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, headquarters.
Kostadis Roussos: Or you could go down the…
Thomas Kolivakis: Wait.
Kostadis Roussos: But…
Thomas Kolivakis: I was always in London.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys all on Rule 20?
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, now I can see.
Thomas Kolivakis: Uh, yeah, maybe… go.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to go visit Hartsch?
Thomas Kolivakis: Great.
Thomas Kolivakis: It's all black. Uh, no, I can see.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Joe, we're still fighting?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, well, so the war is still going on, right?
Kostadis Roussos: your three-way little war?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: It's, um… and, um…
Kostadis Roussos: uh… harsh, you just got a message.
Kostadis Roussos: From, uh, uh, one of Hartsch's soldiers.
Kostadis Roussos: Who said, Hartsch needs you badly.
Thomas Kolivakis: So the guy we propped up as a…
Thomas Kolivakis: Leader of the part of the Earth Temple?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, Hartsch is the, uh… Hartsch is the guy you guys
Kostadis Roussos: promoted to leader of the Earth Temple by killing Romag.
Thomas Kolivakis: We don't need them anymore, but…
Thomas Kolivakis: I guess we can go soon.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: You can go… you can go see him.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? Uh, how do you want to go see him? Through the Air Temple again?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Uh, down this quarter, or do you want to go somewhere else?
Thomas Kolivakis: Bell, Ms. Corbin?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay. Once again arrive in this, uh… hold on, let me see…
Kostadis Roussos: I have things that happen.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, you… over here, there was… this is a steam, scalding steam.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, you know where the… do you know… you guys can see… let me just see…
Kostadis Roussos: You guys can see where the air temple is, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see…
Kostadis Roussos: You, uh, notice…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what do you notice? Alright, as you're going there, you notice yet more goblins.
Kostadis Roussos: racing towards Kelno.
Kostadis Roussos: Covered in loot.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they've apparently stripped bodies of stuff and are headed
Kostadis Roussos: into, uh, the, the… you can ignore them. They're trying very hard to ignore you, and…
Kostadis Roussos: You can try very hard to ignore them. It's up to you.
Kostadis Roussos: But you're gonna ignore them?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you arrive… you arrive over here, to the left is the door to the Water Temple. You see…
Kostadis Roussos: that it has burn marks as if somebody tried to burn it down. Clearly, the air…
Kostadis Roussos: The Fire Temple was trying to… had tried to make an attack here.
Kostadis Roussos: You again see looted bodies. Presume you keep going down.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Just as you…
Kostadis Roussos: make it past there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. This is you get there…
Kostadis Roussos: I just need to get past it now.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, um, you managed to once again enter into the…
Kostadis Roussos: Error temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Um… now, you know where the entrance to the Greater Temple is, and uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Of course, dear friend the Wraith is still here.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: What would you like to… and as you recall, the exit to the, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Um… first, to the first level is through this… the dark hole over here. Let me just make a note, just in case you forgot.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Dope.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your plan? What's your thinking?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, they're always trying to attack us?
Kostadis Roussos: Um, oh, can you guys see the secret door?
Kostadis Roussos: You guys see the secret door?
Kostadis Roussos: But, yeah, yes, yeah. You see it?
george: Okay, I see. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, okay, good. Alright, so, what's the plan? Wanna go check out the pathway to the Greater Temple, wanna go fight the Wraith, or want to just run towards the exit?
Thomas Kolivakis: Have you gone through the Greater Temple?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you have not.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, we could go there.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna go there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Uh… the wraith sees you and laughs.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, but you notice that he's too busy feasting on dead bodies.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, to care about you right now. He's like, your turn will come! Don't worry, my little pets! Your turn will come.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, alright.
Nicholas Roussos: Lucky me.
Kostadis Roussos: Lucky you, lucky you. Your turn will come! Your turn will… Calmer, of course, is like, let me add him, I can kill him! I can kill him, I can so totally kill him!
Thomas Kolivakis: It's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's okay. It's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, through, um, you, uh, you want to go through the greater temp…
Kostadis Roussos: Greater Temple, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you…
Kostadis Roussos: And then we've just put this on the map layer so it doesn't keep getting changed layer, map… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you, um, you try to open the door.
Kostadis Roussos: You notice that it is
Kostadis Roussos: barricaded.
Kostadis Roussos: Somebody's on the other side.
Kostadis Roussos: You, like, it's like being held on the other side.
Kostadis Roussos: And, um… the re…
Thomas Kolivakis: or dash through.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer starts to bang at it, and the Wraith laughs even fi- harder.
Thomas Kolivakis: And Gary Race, can you tell us what's happening?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, well, you really thought?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you know, the Wraith looks at you and goes… he laughs, he goes, hmm… I could tell you, it could… I could tell you, or I could kill you, but then he pauses and looks at the dead cadavers. But you provided me so much tasty food!
Kostadis Roussos: Food!
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Um, it's… it's such a…
Kostadis Roussos: Pleasant, pleasant little battle.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, rule of persuasion, or an intimidation.
george: I have a bad persuasion.
Kostadis Roussos: Will somebody try?
Thomas Kolivakis: I got a…
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: 23.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, 23. He goes, ah, yes, well…
Kostadis Roussos: And then, um…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I hold on, he goes well.
Kostadis Roussos: First of all, I want to thank you about something.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: With all the bodies you've created…
Kostadis Roussos: I thou have minions.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: Why don't you go fight the other temples?
Kostadis Roussos: Because… 1, 2, 3, 4, 5…
Kostadis Roussos: So, all of a sudden, these specters materialize. As you look at them, you realize that they're a combination of
Kostadis Roussos: Earth Temple forces, and…
Kostadis Roussos: They're mostly Earth Elemental forces. He's got 7 of them. He's very excited. Um…
Kostadis Roussos: And then he pauses and explains, and then you suddenly hear a voice from behind the door.
Kostadis Roussos: And it says, The Greater Temple is sealed until the battle is over. No one gets in, no one gets out.
Kostadis Roussos: And the wraith laughs… the wraith laughs.
Thomas Kolivakis: Where are you?
Kostadis Roussos: The wraith laughs harder. It laughs harder and says,
Kostadis Roussos: You see, what you don't understand, you poor little fools, you poor little delightful little fools, as this happens every so often, and when it does, the greater temple seals the lower… lesser temples,
Kostadis Roussos: and waits for the battle to end, until you've actually… this war, this little war is over.
Kostadis Roussos: You're going to be trapped in here like the rest of us, and maybe you'll be like one of my servants.
Thomas Kolivakis: Who is… what is the Greater Temple?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, uh, who is the greater temple?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh! Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Who is the greater temple?
Kostadis Roussos: The Greater Temple is the real, it's the deep temple. It's the people who are really in charge.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'd like to meet them.
Kostadis Roussos: And they go, wet, and then you hear a voice from there, survive the fight, and maybe you'll get a chance.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so… so, just to help you a little bit, what's happened is the Greater Temple periodically has to deal with the lesser temples fighting each other.
Thomas Kolivakis: Mm-hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: And, uh, you just create… and once they start fighting, they don't let anybody out until the fighting ends.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: why don't we camp out next door?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, no, no, no, if you camp out next to the door, now the Wraith is… now the Wraith has got 7 Spectres you gonna want to attack you. Your best bet is to either
Thomas Kolivakis: Puts in
Kostadis Roussos: Just to get out of here as quickly as possible before the wraith decides
Kostadis Roussos: You look like tasty food morsels.
george: It's
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, we'll get out and come back later.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just telling you what the situation is, right?
Kostadis Roussos: the Earth Temple… okay, so, uh, the Wraith goes…
Kostadis Roussos: I can't wait till you come back here!
Kostadis Roussos: Ed will be waiting!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Erith the, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, to the first level.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, um…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh… you, once again, arrive here.
Kostadis Roussos: And, um…
Kostadis Roussos: I presume you're gonna go head towards, uh, Hartsch's, uh, temple?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep, somewhere safe.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you…
Kostadis Roussos: Um, there's a… there's a couple of…
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, let me put some Earth Temple Guards here.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a few Earth Temple Guards.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't… I don't know if that was behind you guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. I keep…
Kostadis Roussos: clicking the wrong button.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. There's a few guards over here.
Kostadis Roussos: cards over here, and there's some guards.
Kostadis Roussos: Over there.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, when they see you, uh, walk out through the door,
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Their first reaction is to start shooting arrows. Fortunately for you, uh, they immediately recognize you, and the leader says, STOP!
Kostadis Roussos: Stop! Don't fight!
Kostadis Roussos: Um, he goes… Where the hell have you been?
Thomas Kolivakis: Uh, we've been fighting.
Kostadis Roussos: Where?
Thomas Kolivakis: We opened the door for Luke.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well… well, after you open the door, you guys disappeared. Things have not gone well. Hartsch needs you right now. Go to the temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: We're going.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you go straight to the temple?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: a whole bunch of people are dead.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let's get rid of these.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, uh, harsh is, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Looking very, very stressed.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's, um…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes…
Kostadis Roussos: All right, exhausted, dirty, and bloodied, you gather at the temple. The muffled boom of distant battle fades, replaced by the ragged breaths of her survivors. Her harsh arrives.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, and says…
Kostadis Roussos: So, um…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, he looks at you, goes, what do we do next?
Thomas Kolivakis: We wait it out.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, what do you mean we waited out?
Thomas Kolivakis: So… we'll wait till the other temples stop fighting.
Thomas Kolivakis: Just to… okay, because…
Thomas Kolivakis: But right now, it's not the best time to go on the offense.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not the best time to go on the offense. Hartsch looks. But that… but that is Robach's passive strategy!
Thomas Kolivakis: Hmm…
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, the situation is evolving.
Thomas Kolivakis: But, uh,
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean, the situation is evolving?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, you can go to the Obsidian Edge and…
Thomas Kolivakis: We'll hold on for it here with a couple of troops.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you. Is that wise? For me to go on the vanguard?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, take half the troops, we'll stay here with the other half.
Thomas Kolivakis: We can't leave our territory undefended.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, well, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: He's in panic mode. He clearly doesn't know what to do. So, he's like, where should I put the troops? It's all gone to hell!
Thomas Kolivakis: No, it's fine, it's fine. Gone now.
Thomas Kolivakis: Just go… go fight the…
Thomas Kolivakis: the water in the fire temple. I'll hold down for it here.
Thomas Kolivakis: You got it.
Kostadis Roussos: So that's your… so… so you're just gonna tell them to go fight your… he's… uh, everybody kind of looks at you funny. Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Um, he's like…
Kostadis Roussos: you look around and you realize that if you don't support Hartsch, a lot of these people, like, are looking kind of bloodied.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a lot fewer of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, this was supposed to be an easy win, and you guys are associated with the faction that started the war.
Kostadis Roussos: You are the Obsidian Edge, and so either you… you're gonna have to get these people
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna have to give these people some reason to believe that you're not just gonna…
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, we will leave the vanguard.
Kostadis Roussos: You will be at the Obsidian Edge?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So, uh, we'll charge once more to the Water Temple!
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, let's go.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that… is that your plan?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, Hartsch looks at you and goes,
Kostadis Roussos: So, should we… should we deploy any of our forces to defend anything, or should we just, like, charge straight ahead? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: Is there… is there anything we should do to protect anything?
Thomas Kolivakis: No. Come, everyone in charge, we will make a final stand.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, you're, you're…
Thomas Kolivakis: It's time we got it to Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: it's time you… so, who are we going to attack? The fire, the water, or the earth temple?
Thomas Kolivakis: Um…
george: Who's the strongest?
Thomas Kolivakis: Who's the strongest?
Kostadis Roussos: who's the strongest? The Water Temple. The weakest is the Air Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: The next is the Fire Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, here's the plan, guys.
Thomas Kolivakis: We'll go after the Air Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: take all their treasure.
Thomas Kolivakis: And from there, we'll see if we attack that water.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, um… alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, harsh, harsh is relieved. He says,
Kostadis Roussos: Very well! He looks around. This is the most heavily defended part of the territory. We will stay here for the night, and we will attack again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so take a long rest.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, everybody took their long rest.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright…
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, you, uh, do you spend the night in the temple, or do you decide to go back to your headquarters?
Thomas Kolivakis: Or are people going to their temple?
Kostadis Roussos: What? Well, no, I mean, like, this… everybody… everybody else wants to stay in the Earth Temple, because there's, like, four element…
Kostadis Roussos: This is the most heavily defended defensible location.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to have everybody stay here, or do you want them to guard posts? Like, what do you want to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, we'll go to our headquarters.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna go to your headquarters?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, the special room where…
Kostadis Roussos: like, over you… over here, where you…
Thomas Kolivakis: Romag, Romag.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, the roadmag room? You want to go to the Romag room?
Thomas Kolivakis: Because we're, like, apostles.
Kostadis Roussos: Along with Hartsch.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Um, do you tell Hartsch how to deploy his forces? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: Or do you just tell them to do whatever he thinks is appropriate?
Thomas Kolivakis: So you're the leader, you should be able to do this based on…
Kostadis Roussos: He's in panic mode.
Thomas Kolivakis: That's true.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright. If you want, we'll get all the senior officials, we'll have a little meeting.
Nicholas Roussos: Are we sure they're still alive?
Thomas Kolivakis: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, um…
Kostadis Roussos: He goes harsh, harsh looks exhausted. He says, maybe…
Kostadis Roussos: He says, let us sleep tonight and we will discuss this in the morning.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the morning arrives, um…
Kostadis Roussos: And harsh is nowhere to be found.
Nicholas Roussos: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, so, uh, Hartsch is nowhere to be found. He's apparently…
Kostadis Roussos: Um, but you look around his office and you see a note. He says,
Kostadis Roussos: I couldn't wait! I sent the broken blades to attack!
Kostadis Roussos: the broken blades are the guys you, uh, hired, recruited?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Thomas Kolivakis: Is there this?
Kostadis Roussos: Um, what did you say?
Thomas Kolivakis: Who said this?
Kostadis Roussos: There was a note, Romag… Romag apparently decided to show initiative last night.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, Romag.
Thomas Kolivakis: Romag or a harsh?
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, I got confused. Hartsch decided to show initiative last night.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, so he's good now.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, yeah, he's had showed initiative by sending the guys you recruited to… into… to go stage a raid.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Um, do you want to go check in on your guys, or… well…
george: Sure, we could check in.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: He's, uh… he… let me see what happens… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just go over it.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, do you want to go talk to him about… so he said… he said a desperate plea, do you want to go find out what he did, or do you just want to go rush out and see what's going on?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well,
Thomas Kolivakis: Since he sent the plea,
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll go see what forces we have here, and I'll group them.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, so you head back to the temple… you head back to the temple, um…
Kostadis Roussos: What you notice is there's fewer people this time.
Thomas Kolivakis: Boom, but she took it?
Kostadis Roussos: Um, that's one way to describe what happened.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll ask the people there.
Kostadis Roussos: Um… uh… Hartsch says…
Kostadis Roussos: There was… there was a… there was an attack last night, and we lost more men.
Thomas Kolivakis: Welcome to the broken night.
Kostadis Roussos: The broken blades?
Thomas Kolivakis: broken beliefs.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, um, I sent them down to stage a rage on the Water Temple, but I haven't heard anything back from them.
Kostadis Roussos: If we lose them, we'll lose more of our guards. You have to do something!
george: Would you want us to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Hartsch. I slap Hartsch.
Thomas Kolivakis: Don't wake up.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, he… he looks at you and says…
Kostadis Roussos: What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: take…
Thomas Kolivakis: 20 years… no. Take 10 of our troops, go find the broken blades.
Thomas Kolivakis: at the Water Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: What are you going to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: We…
Thomas Kolivakis: we are going to attack the water temple from the other side.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that, that's your plan?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, Hartsch says,
Kostadis Roussos: Very well, he points to several guards.
Kostadis Roussos: We shall attack!
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, let's go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, so he, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: takes these guys…
Kostadis Roussos: Um, it goes… it looks… he pulls up the map of the second level, and he asks, okay,
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: He says, which way do you… so, uh, sorry, I need to figure out where I put these guys, so give me one second.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, give me one second, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, so, what he did was, uh, in his infinite brilliance,
Kostadis Roussos: is…
Kostadis Roussos: He sent the, uh, broken blades over here.
Kostadis Roussos: To attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so this is where the broke… oh, I'm about to type broken…
Thomas Kolivakis: Where?
Kostadis Roussos: Blades, can you… do you guys see the second level, or not?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so…
Kostadis Roussos: The broken blades are over here.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, okay. Mm-hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: You see that?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so this is where the broken blades are. So in his infinite wisdom last night, he sent them there.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Role and insight check.
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia.
george: 9.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. What you realize, Zinnia, is that idiot not only sent them there,
Kostadis Roussos: Um, but…
Kostadis Roussos: He sent them telling them that it was your orders.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, so we'll go straight to the broken blade.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll go straight to the locum blades, and they'll create the distraction,
Kostadis Roussos: From the other side?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah. Are the plans…
george: Yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: I haven't switched.
Kostadis Roussos: The plan has been switched.
Thomas Kolivakis: advance from the…
Kostadis Roussos: from the… alright, so he's gonna advance from the east. Okay, so…
Thomas Kolivakis: From the east.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let's just make this from the first level.
Kostadis Roussos: So he's going to attack from over here, right? Is that the thinking?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty. Okay, the broken blades. You, you rush down.
Kostadis Roussos: And yes, there he is, the Wraith, is sitting there with his seven specters.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Thomas Kolivakis: Tom, I don't have time for this one.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't have time for this?
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: It's like, the Wraith says, you don't have time!
Thomas Kolivakis: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, what do I get in exchange?
Thomas Kolivakis: What are you all?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks around and says, Well, if you bring me some live bodies, I suppose I could… there could be an exchange.
Kostadis Roussos: tell me where the next attack is coming so I can feast on the dead.
Thomas Kolivakis: Water temple.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, oh, okay, that wasn't very exciting. Feasted on them enough. I was hoping for some Earth Temple blood.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, it'll be your tumbled, too.
Kostadis Roussos: He smiles.
Kostadis Roussos: And, uh, lets you pass.
Kostadis Roussos: He's, like, calculating… alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You go through the door, you see this door is open.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, I have the…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you, uh, um, there is, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Captain Dren Halveth.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh…
Kostadis Roussos: He's looking very, very, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so they're alive, but you can see that he's battered and bloodied.
Kostadis Roussos: And he grabs you by the arm. Desperation is in his eyes. Behind him is surviving mercenaries,
Kostadis Roussos: stare blankly at the carnage, hands slick with gore, none indifferent to the horror, the stench of…
Kostadis Roussos: of flesh is everywhere.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, uh, he, he, he, they're… they've obviously survived whatever they were about to attack, but they're practically ready to fall apart.
Thomas Kolivakis: Man…
Thomas Kolivakis: It was not us who sent you here, but harsh.
Thomas Kolivakis: However, we are still deeply saddened by your…
Thomas Kolivakis: whatever happened here.
Kostadis Roussos: Um… alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you as, you didn't say it would be a slaughterhouse! Robag's replacement, harsh as a mad-mad!
Kostadis Roussos: We're being fed to a meat grinder.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll…
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
george: you'll be dealt with.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a morale test. Alright, so…
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna… somebody's gonna have to either roll persuasion or intimidation to keep the blades under control.
Kostadis Roussos: Since you… since you appeal to their heroism and showed up, you get an advantage.
george: Oh, 27.
Thomas Kolivakis: 27.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, did you just roll a 27?
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, the blades say…
Kostadis Roussos: We… they look at you and says, I don't know what your plans are.
Kostadis Roussos: But whatever your plans are, you are with us. We are with you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, so… come backwards, we'll hold the line for now.
Thomas Kolivakis: You guys can go rest in the…
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Thomas Kolivakis: There's Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Um… what?
Thomas Kolivakis: I tell them they can go rest in the earth temple if they want.
Thomas Kolivakis: But if they're… they're true warriors, they can stay with us.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, um, rest in the air temple? Or the Earth Temple, you meant?
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: As you're… okay, so they… so, okay, so they… they, uh, they run back?
Kostadis Roussos: They run back, um…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, they're like, but how do we get past…
Kostadis Roussos: That wraith needs to be dealt with.
Kostadis Roussos: It's cause… it's a strategic choke point, and now with this 7 Spectres,
Kostadis Roussos: He's causing us pain.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, we'll deal with this, Rathan.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the broken blades, look to you. Do you need our help, boss?
Kostadis Roussos: No? Calmer says, I don't need any help to deal with the undead.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, calm, let's go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, um, plus he turns to you and says,
Kostadis Roussos: Plus, it would be better if they weren't there and saw as I preached to Saint… uh, called on St. Cuthbert's Power.
Kostadis Roussos: He kind of hints that at you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay. Let's go.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you're gonna go. So, Calmer boldly charges in. The Wraith looks at you and goes,
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you're back!
Thomas Kolivakis: Uh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll for initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. What?
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: is, uh, you know, he's kind of like, you know, it's time, he's feeling, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Just, uh, put some numbers here. Tool.
george: Pennsylvania, 7.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I knew. Oh, wait, hold on, give me a second before I, uh, I need to just put some numbers here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, there's 2…
Kostadis Roussos: So there we go, this is distracting us. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so what was your… uh, Zinnia, you got a 7?
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, what's your initiative?
Nicholas Roussos: Earl of a check? Sorry.
Nicholas Roussos: 25?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, uh… Zephyr?
Thomas Kolivakis: initiative, uh…
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, 16.
Kostadis Roussos: 16.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Senior Supplier…
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia, you had a 7, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And Sequoia, you had, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: 25…
Kostadis Roussos: The Wraith… let me just see what the Wraith's, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: That's a 13…
Kostadis Roussos: Shadows open.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, you're up first.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wait, calmer. What is Calmeritiative?
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer is, um…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just take a long rest.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, calmer before he walks in, what does he do?
Kostadis Roussos: We will…
Kostadis Roussos: All right. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, um… calmer, before he walked in, had cast, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: what was it? He would have cast, uh, Spiritual Weapon?
Kostadis Roussos: And he casts himself…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Spirit Guardians.
Kostadis Roussos: So that… he's… he's already… he's already pre-buffed.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, no, he's not casting Spirit, he's not casting that he would have cast, though, um…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, Sequoia, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, just remember, if you're within the area of the…
Kostadis Roussos: Spirit Guardians, the… the creatures, uh, well, they're more… they take damage just by being there. Just keep that in mind.
Nicholas Roussos: Mm-hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Sequoia, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: So I shouldn't be in them?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you should be. No, in that white… in the yellow range is where the Spirit Guardians are.
Nicholas Roussos: Ah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: I can't click on my guy.
Kostadis Roussos: You can't.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, the big green oval thing, kind of.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, it's, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: How about now?
Nicholas Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Nicholas Roussos: It's… I keep clicking on the overlay, not the…
Kostadis Roussos: What overlay?
Nicholas Roussos: The green thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you mean the yellow circle?
Nicholas Roussos: That circle is green, but yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh. Uh, the one that's surrounding Sequoia, right?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I will…
Kostadis Roussos: Um, if you zoom in a little bit, it should be a bit better.
Kostadis Roussos: The way they…
Kostadis Roussos: Were you able to do it now, or still…?
Nicholas Roussos: No. Uh, could I just move it off?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Yeah, yeah, let me just do this. I'm gonna just…
Kostadis Roussos: set it to zero, and that should… that worked. Okay, this should now work.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Authac?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, who are you gonna attack?
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, wait, one sec.
Nicholas Roussos: Why is it…?
Nicholas Roussos: Sorry.
Nicholas Roussos: Sorry about that. Uh, I'll attack one of…
Nicholas Roussos: So, I haven't… yeah, I'll attack one of the Spectres, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: One of the…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, uh, are you okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, go for it.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll to hit.
Nicholas Roussos: I'll be right here, Phil.
Nicholas Roussos: What's there, AC?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, their AC is 12.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Nicholas Roussos: Hit…
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, shoot, uh, the first one, not the second one, it rolled twice.
Nicholas Roussos: Uh, 23.
Kostadis Roussos: 23 points of damage total?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, for the first attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he dies.
Nicholas Roussos: Why did Rolling Twi… do I have to…
Kostadis Roussos: You have two… you have two… you have two Rule 20s open.
Nicholas Roussos: I have to…
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Nicholas Roussos: Whoops. I missed the second text with that for me.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright? Zephyr, you're up.
Thomas Kolivakis: You missed your tech. Good.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: I would… uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, do you want to stand here, or do you want to be next to one of these guys so that Zephyr has… Zephyr, you were an assass.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, Zephyr, are you an assassin? Is your… so, assassins have the property that they get advantage on an attack,
Thomas Kolivakis: Huh?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: On anyone who has not yet attacked.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Joseph Corey, you don't have to move anywhere.
Kostadis Roussos: For us, a Zephyr, you just have to… you have to pick any of the targets that haven't yet attacked.
Thomas Kolivakis: Um…
Thomas Kolivakis: Galatac? Did the…
Thomas Kolivakis: Where am I? I'm here.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, you're… yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: All-time disguising.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you, uh, melee?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, go for it.
Thomas Kolivakis: Do I have advantage? Oh, not 20?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, how much damage do you do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Wait, so I have… how many Ds of…
Thomas Kolivakis: of a…
Kostadis Roussos: So, uh, what level are you? You're 6th level, so you should have 3D6, and you add your damage.
Kostadis Roussos: and multiply… and you do 48d6 worth of damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, 86?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Thomas Kolivakis: For the sneaker.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's what the sneak attack bonus.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, 24…
Kostadis Roussos: 24 points of damage? Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Plus… my normal dad.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, 24 plus 9, uh…
Thomas Kolivakis: 33?
Kostadis Roussos: You killed it. It's dead.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Um…
Kostadis Roussos: All right, uh, do you want to do anything else? Now remember, where you are now, you're protected by the spiritual guardians.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: You want to move into attack somebody else, or do you want them to come to you?
Thomas Kolivakis: I could attack someone else? If.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll move in, um…
Kostadis Roussos: You can attack this guy here. If you attack this guy here would still leave you within the zone of protection.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, I'll attack this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Um, roll to hit.
Thomas Kolivakis: this advantage, you know?
Kostadis Roussos: You get only one sneak attack per turn.
Kostadis Roussos: This is an or…
Thomas Kolivakis: So I'd do 6 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 6 points of damage, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, points of damage. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, what does the Wraith do?
Kostadis Roussos: The Wraith is furious.
Kostadis Roussos: So, okay, everybody's been dead for more than a minute. Okay, the wraith is furious. Uh, what does he do?
Kostadis Roussos: All right. So…
Kostadis Roussos: Just for commerce, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Radius again, so I know where it is…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: This is movement.
Kostadis Roussos: This movement is 60 feet. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: here's what the rate does. He flies over here. When he flies over here, he has to make a saving throw. What's the saving throw?
Kostadis Roussos: Ah, he blows his saving throw, so he is slowed.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Um, he also takes damage.
Kostadis Roussos: what was the damage from the spell?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, radiant damage, 12 points of damage. He also takes 12 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he then becomes…
Kostadis Roussos: incorporeal… on that note, then he attacks, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Attacks calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, well, I actually need to roll to hit, so what is the attack to hit? Plus 6, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Ooh, it's a critical…
Kostadis Roussos: So, this is…
Kostadis Roussos: Since it's a critical, he does.
Kostadis Roussos: 4D8 plus 8d88 plus 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer is down to 3 hit points.
Nicholas Roussos: Commerce should probably heal herself.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, unfortunately, it's the special necrotic damage that can't be healed.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, he's… Calmer is kind of like, well, this sucks, now let's see if he managed to get himself…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, he managed to resist…
Kostadis Roussos: Wow, wow. Calmer rolled a 20.
Kostadis Roussos: A natural 20, and the spirit… in spite of the guy going all out,
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: It, uh… alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Right, that's what the wraith did. Now the Spectre.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. The Spectres…
Kostadis Roussos: TechCalmer.
Kostadis Roussos: And miss, alright? But they also take damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, they made their 7th road, so they take 6 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And, okay, this guy moves away, because he doesn't want to be stuck in the…
Kostadis Roussos: the Spirit Guardians, uh, calmer…
Kostadis Roussos: This is his reaction to hit him.
Kostadis Roussos: With, uh… what does he use as inventory?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so it's a… this is a… I guess that's what he does.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, except I needed to roll to hit. That's my two-hit role.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, did he hit? Calmer hit!
Thomas Kolivakis: You did? Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer hits for, uh, for 4 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I take it back.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, he's going to use his Gift of the Gem Dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: So, when you take damage from a creature within 10 feet, you can use your reaction to force the creature to make a strength saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: On a failed saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, failed at saving throw in strength saving throw, right? Great strength…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, totally failed the strength sitting through. On a failed saving throw, the target takes 2d8 force damage and is pushed up to 10 feet away.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: to dictate…
Kostadis Roussos: So it doesn't take 6 points of damage, he takes 15! The creature is down to…
Kostadis Roussos: 3 hit points. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: You may have finally dealt with the Spectre, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Of course, it may cost you calmer. It may cost you calmer. Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: That's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: This creature…
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: What does he do? Uh, he's… he's driven mad by… he attacks Sequoia.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, what's your armor class?
Kostadis Roussos: Doesn't matter. Um…
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, sorry, sorry. Oh, did, um, 14.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, I don't have a plus 6 to hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Spectre as a, what, plus 4 to hit? Okay, that's not important. Alright, another… the next Spectre attacks you.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, rolls a 1.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: This specter attacks Zephyr.
Kostadis Roussos: Eight misses.
Kostadis Roussos: And then this last spectre…
Kostadis Roussos: attacks Zephyr.
Kostadis Roussos: 9. Alright, but they all have to now make saving throws, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, they all failed their saving throws, so they all take 12 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Zinnia, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: You probably want to make sure that nobody kills call merges.
Kostadis Roussos: Thought of the day.
george: I'll… I'll talk to the guy next to Calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, you talk to the guy next to Calmer?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
george: What's only close?
Kostadis Roussos: is… oh, hold on, it's actually called Mercern, I forgot to add him here.
george: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just add calmer. Um, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, add, turn…
Kostadis Roussos: He's, like, right above you.
Kostadis Roussos: commerce, like… Alright, so Calmer… what does Calmer do?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Pretty good idea.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's going to do… he's going to do his, uh, he's going to try to turn undead.
Kostadis Roussos: I'll just turn on dead work.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, turn it dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, thank you for giving me how this works in 5th edition.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay. Okay, must make its wisdom saving throws.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so everybody has to make Wisdom saving throws, 70-20…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh. Only one of them made their saving throws.
Kostadis Roussos: And the wraith did not. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, in addition…
Kostadis Roussos: to, um…
Kostadis Roussos: I think I can use my searing ability, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he's dead. The Wraith is dead.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, and…
Kostadis Roussos: These…
Kostadis Roussos: are also dead.
Kostadis Roussos: And this guy's down to 6… and this guy is… made his saving throw. Alright!
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia, Europe.
george: Okay, now I'll attack him.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, hold on, hold, hold on. Calmers Lake.
Kostadis Roussos: It worked!
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, remember last time he tried his, uh, Turn Undead and it failed all three times?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you guys are, like… right, this is, like, the third time he's tried. The last two times, it kept failing.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? He kept trying to turn the undead, and they… and…
Kostadis Roussos: And he's like, you guys… he's like, it worked!
Thomas Kolivakis: You got it, bro.
Kostadis Roussos: It worked! He's, like, very excited.
Kostadis Roussos: He's very excited.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, who's the man? Who is the man?
Thomas Kolivakis: That's you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Zinnia, you're up.
george: I'll… I'll attack the guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright, go for it.
george: Next clone.
george: What's the same request?
Kostadis Roussos: Um, it's, uh, 12.
george: Okay.
george: Shit, I missed the first one.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
george: I hit on the second one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
george: And I do 12 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 12, was it?
george: What's… how many hit points does he have left?
Kostadis Roussos: Four.
george: Right, so I killed them. I killed him, he had 4 aptitude.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, yes, 4 left, he has 4 left.
george: I'll do an extra attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
george: And I killed him.
Kostadis Roussos: Damn! Calmer is, uh, down to 3 hit points, um, and he's kind of out of combat for the next little bit, because…
Kostadis Roussos: He can't actually heal himself past 3 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: So, he's gonna be, uh… he's gonna… you're gonna have to leave him with Hartsch while you guys, uh, take on a few more missions.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. But, the important thing is,
Kostadis Roussos: The, uh, the passage to the second level is no longer being guarded by undead, and so you now…
Kostadis Roussos: You're… the Earth Temple has achieved a strategic victory.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah,
Kostadis Roussos: This is a huge strategic victory. You've managed to, like, now there are two ways down, and one of them is not guarded by an undead creature.
Kostadis Roussos: who kills your enemies, your allies, and turns them into spectres.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Did you go tell the broken blades? The coast is clear?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you tell the broken blades the coast is clear,
Kostadis Roussos: And, uh, you arrive back up…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, yeah, I presume you're going back up.
Kostadis Roussos: Because, like, having calmer, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Down to 3 hit points and unable to heal is probably a bad place for everybody to be.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you arrive back on the first level.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see what's going… what's been going on here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what's going on here?
Kostadis Roussos: Let's go, let me just see what's going on.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, um…
Kostadis Roussos: Before you, uh… as you… before you, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: As you're… as you're about to go up to the first level…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, you notice… you see something out of the corner of your eyes.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to go investigate?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, um…
Kostadis Roussos: You want to go investigate. Alright, let me go see what… let me go… okay, we're down here.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, as you… as you regroup, a panicked bug beer is defecting from the Water Temple. He stumbles into view, clutching a sack of coins…
Kostadis Roussos: and babbling about Kelneau's promise of safety and gold.
Thomas Kolivakis: So…
Thomas Kolivakis: You're for the water temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, you look at them and realize, oh, no, no!
Kostadis Roussos: He is not from the Water Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Where are you from?
Kostadis Roussos: He's from, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh…
Kostadis Roussos: He's from the Earth Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: So, uh, well, I mean…
Thomas Kolivakis: And you're leaving?
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to… do you want to go stop him? Like, go see what's going on? Like, he rushes past you…
Kostadis Roussos: it's sort of like… let me just show you how it works. So, like…
Kostadis Roussos: you're sort of over here, and the bug beer…
Kostadis Roussos: It was like…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just put this guy… the bug beer is here.
Kostadis Roussos: Um, mutter, and he's muttering, and so let me just make sure he's… you guys sees Brown, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Just, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: He's an Earth Temple bugbear, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Um… what do you want to do? Do you want to go chase them down? Do you want to go, like, intimidate him?
Kostadis Roussos: You realize that Kelno is making a pa… a play for your bugbeers, who are part of your defensive perimeter.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay. Remember who's the most powerful temple, Bugmir?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, okay, so you're gonna try to chase them down?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You show up over here, Calmer's like, don't mess with me, man! I just killed the Wraith!
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, Do you… and all of a sudden, you realize Calmer's getting way too into the whole Earth Temple cleric persona.
Thomas Kolivakis: Rubber.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah?
Thomas Kolivakis: He's dead, bro.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: This is how the earth temple rules, with power and force! I mean, he's really getting into it. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr, Zinnia, and Sequoia, what do you guys want to do? The bugbear looks at you, and he looks a little bit, um…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to…? Uh, uh, do you want to chase them down? Do you want to intimidate him? Do you want to try to kill him? Do you want to…
Nicholas Roussos: done.
Kostadis Roussos: Threaten him? Do you want to find out what's going on?
Nicholas Roussos: I think he's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, he's stealing… he's taking money from Kelno,
Kostadis Roussos: to change sides.
Nicholas Roussos: Uh, we're gonna go kill him, Ben.
Kostadis Roussos: They're gonna go… you're gonna go kill him, or…?
Thomas Kolivakis: You're absolutely catch Buddy from Kelno.
Nicholas Roussos: One does not simply
Nicholas Roussos: take bribes to defect.
Kostadis Roussos: One does not simply take bribes to defect?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the bugbear looks at you, and he goes,
Kostadis Roussos: So, you're just guys gonna… initiative and attack kind of thing?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty. Uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Sequoia, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: So, go ahead.
Kostadis Roussos: Do not pass go, do not collect 200 and kill this thing?
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Calmer's spell has ended.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Nicholas Roussos: Hit…
Nicholas Roussos: Uh, you don't get a sneak attack, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, no.
Nicholas Roussos: Uh, 8 points of damage?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: Critical?
Kostadis Roussos: All right.
Nicholas Roussos: That's…
Nicholas Roussos: Eight one second, I have to look twice.
Nicholas Roussos: plus sixth…
Nicholas Roussos: 14, plus the other 8 from our original is…
Kostadis Roussos: 22. Alright, he's still alive. Zephyr, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: Currently, I've done 22.
Nicholas Roussos: Wait, I have one more attack left.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Plus another 8.
Kostadis Roussos: He dies.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Um…
Nicholas Roussos: Over his body, I say one does not simply take bribes to defect.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to look at what's in his… what's in his, uh, treasure?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I'll take the money he got for the bribe.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you find it has bribery money. It's bribery money. 20 gold pieces stamped with air temple insignia.
Nicholas Roussos: The other… alright.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, um…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so let me just make sure this is, uh, while that's going on…
Kostadis Roussos: a pair of knolls.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, not a pair of gloves, some nulls.
Kostadis Roussos: A pair of…
Kostadis Roussos: Some gnolls see you've seen you've attacked the bug, uh, slip out of the secret door over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Seeing that you've attacked the, uh, the bugbear, and go, we paid good money for that! Now we will get our money, and get food!
Nicholas Roussos: Didn't know you guys liked eating while dead, but okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you just say that? Eating while dead?
Kostadis Roussos: That's funny. That's actually funny.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me give these guys… okay, so these are AirTemple, just so you know that these guys are Air Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: nulls there. Uh, you realize that Kelneau's been busily recruiting people!
Kostadis Roussos: Or trying? Kell no.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: watch on the…
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, we have to recruit people, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, um, alright, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Dren says, we could take Homer back!
Kostadis Roussos: back up and protect him while you guys deal with these.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Commerce like, I WILL STAY AND FIGHT!
Kostadis Roussos: He's got 3 hit points and can't heal himself past 3 hit points. What would you like him to do?
Nicholas Roussos: leave.
Kostadis Roussos: A rule of persuasion.
Nicholas Roussos: Somebody knock her out and take her upstairs.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, you tell that to Dren. Dren and his two mercenaries grapple Kelno, who's like, hand me, you creatures! Unhand me!
Kostadis Roussos: Go ahead and drag him… drag him upstairs. Alright, Kelo's being dragged upstairs by the cli… by, um…
Kostadis Roussos: being dragged upstairs.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, uh… let's, uh, could you guys roll for initiative, please?
Nicholas Roussos: Uh-huh.
Kostadis Roussos: All of you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: How much?
george: Zinnia 13.
Kostadis Roussos: Then yes, 13?
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm, uh, 17.
Kostadis Roussos: 17, Zephyr?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes,
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, Sequoia Sets 21.
Nicholas Roussos: 21…
Kostadis Roussos: Damse you been rolling some really high rolls here.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you explain this to me?
Nicholas Roussos: You are there in my favor.
Kostadis Roussos: the odds are in your favor?
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't roll… I didn't put the right one here, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right.
Kostadis Roussos: I just, uh, I did not put the right, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: These are the right ones.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I will not bother painting them, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: And there…
Kostadis Roussos: Uh… 11.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, you're up first.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep, yep, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. The three gnolls are really excited about eating you alive.
Nicholas Roussos: Myths…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Nicholas Roussos: And myth, wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Zephyr, Europe.
Thomas Kolivakis: I will begin by…
Thomas Kolivakis: assailing…
Thomas Kolivakis: First dogs here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Thomas Kolivakis: Just to have a sneak attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Thomas Kolivakis: Uh, what's their AC?
Kostadis Roussos: Their AC is 15.
Thomas Kolivakis: If I miss it, that could I still hit my sneak attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's a one attack per turn, so if you have three attacks,
Kostadis Roussos: One of them can be a sneak attack. Does that make sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: This is why rogues two-handed weapons, because it increases their chance of a sneak attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Make sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, second one hits…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, I had 46.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, 46 worth of damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: Let me re-roll my sneaker time.
Thomas Kolivakis: Sometimes, like, the dice don't, like, fall.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, uh, so…
Thomas Kolivakis: 14 plus 9.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. All right. 20… it still alive?
Thomas Kolivakis: 23.
Kostadis Roussos: Um…
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you attacked Min Mele, right, Zephyr?
george: Yeah.
george: What's the error class?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, there are armor class is 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, the one that Zephyr attacked is down to 4 hit points, if that changes…
george: I'll text that one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
george: And I killed, uh… oh, I missed.
Kostadis Roussos: You missed?
george: And then I killed it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Did you go here, or where did you go? To the north of Zephyr, or over here?
george: I'll go…
george: behind Zephyr, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Over here. Just move them where you want.
george: Where am I? Uh, I'll go…
george: I'll s…
george: here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, roll for damage.
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: So, did you attack?
Kostadis Roussos: Zinnia. Zinnia.
Nicholas Roussos: Ooh. Uh, not me, nothing.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I'm waiting for your attacks.
Kostadis Roussos: George? I'm waiting for your attacks.
george: I'm not gonna use my bonus.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, did you miss her? I'm sorry, I didn't hear what you did.
george: I killed him, I hit him with my second.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, cool. All right. Okay, that's what I wanted to know. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, the nodes are enraged. Um, they look at the three of you.
Kostadis Roussos: They decide that the tiefling, they go, tiefling flesh! Haven't had tiefling flesh in ages!
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm… I'm getting it, man.
Kostadis Roussos: What? Come and get it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, it attacks you.
Kostadis Roussos: And, uh…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I hit you for, um…
Kostadis Roussos: 8 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Not exactly, you know, lethal here.
Kostadis Roussos: And then the other creature… the other one attacks you as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, and misses. Alright, Sequoia, uh… Sequoia, you're up again.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: I'm gonna tag this one.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, my… I don't even have two boards open.
Nicholas Roussos: 20 points, I think I'm just sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: 20 points of damage, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, um, that includes your special… your sneak attack, right?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Nicholas Roussos: Hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Mm-hmm.
Nicholas Roussos: Uh, some went to the damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, we only had 7 hit points left, so he dies.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, um, Zephyr, Europe.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that fair?
Thomas Kolivakis: I will, um…
Thomas Kolivakis: pack… wait, this guy over here, yeah?
Thomas Kolivakis: The only guy left-sided.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Thomas Kolivakis: Has he attacked yet?
Kostadis Roussos: Uh, no, he is not. Uh, yes, he has, he has attacked, yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, I hate…
Kostadis Roussos: All right.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, do you want to move next to Zephyr, this guy, so he gets sneak attack bonus?
Thomas Kolivakis: Or…
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, alright. Okay, is that for attack?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Thomas Kolivakis: 9 plus…
Thomas Kolivakis: 13, so 22 plus…
Thomas Kolivakis: plus 8, so 30 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you killed him. Alright, and with that, we will end today's session.
Kostadis Roussos: Having fun?
Thomas Kolivakis: We killed the wolves.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, having… alright, the note… you look behind the secret door. Do you want to keep it shut, or do you want to, like…
Kostadis Roussos: What do you want to do here?
Thomas Kolivakis: This… this leads to the water temple?
Kostadis Roussos: Air Temple. Air Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, irritable?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, I think we can go in.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do you want to go in, or do you want… I mean, you're… remember, you're down to 3 people. Your cleric is, uh…
Thomas Kolivakis: Where's coming?
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, he… he… okay, so Calmer got hit by the Wraith.
Kostadis Roussos: And the necrotic damage… no, he can't heal, he's down to 3 hit points.
Thomas Kolivakis: Any Cahill?
Thomas Kolivakis: We'll have to go without her.
Kostadis Roussos: You have to go with Adam? Alright, so, uh, you're gonna go explore the Air Temple next?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Um… okay!
Nicholas Roussos: We should probably wait for Calmer, though. We need a healer.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you could… remember, you can sneak in, you have ridiculous stealth, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: posting recon mission.
Kostadis Roussos: It could be a complete recon mission, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: or…
Thomas Kolivakis: Thanks so much.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, man, take care, guys. Glad to… glad we finally connected.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah. Have a good day.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, it was, uh, it was a… have a good day, and, uh, go Avs! Go!
Thomas Kolivakis: Well,
Kostadis Roussos: Right